# Open_CV_Tutorial

16Though you are looking this image for the first time, you can probably tell that this image is of the sport cricket being played on a bright day. Specifically, it is a match between teams Australia and South Africa, and Australia won the match. The overall mood is that of celebration, and a few players can be named either by recognizing their facial features or by reading the names printed on their shirts.The information you can observe is complex for a computer vision application; this could be a set of multiple inferences. Let’s now map the whole human-driven interpretation to a machine’s vision processes.• You can observe objects such as grass/ground, people, cricket equipment advertisements, and sports uniforms. These objects are then grouped into categories. This process of extracting information is referred to as image detection and classification.Figure 1-4.Image of a cricket gameChAPter 1  ArtifiCiAl intelligenCe And ComPuter Vision
17•At a high level, there is ground, and there is a pitch. While it is difficult to exactly pinpoint the boundaries of each, making the markings based on the objects within the image is possible. This process is referred to as image segmentation.•Taking this to the next level, you can get smarter and smaller boundaries that can help identify specific people and objects in the image. This can be observed with small boxes marked around each potential unique object, as shown in Figure 1-5.•Now, within each box, there could be people or different cricket-related objects. At the next level, you can detect and tag what each box contains, also shown in Figure 1-5. This process is called object detection.Figure 1-5.Marking unique objectsChAPter 1  ArtifiCiAl intelligenCe And ComPuter Vision
18• Extending this, you can look closely at the people’s faces and through the face recognition process exactly determine who each player is. You also can observe that each person is of different height and build.• Names on the back of the shirts of the players can be another source for determining who each player is. An optical character recognition (OCR)  handwriting recognition process can recognize shapes and lines and infer letters or characters.• Depending on the color of the uniform, you can infer what type of match it is and what teams are playing. Identifying the colors of the pixels is part of the image detection and manipulation process.• In the process of playing the game, movement of the ball can be tracked and the speed at which the ball strikes the bat can be computed or determined. The path the ball will potentially take can be determined as well. A few important calculations such as how many ball serves have hit a particular spot on the pitch can be computed. This is possible using a process called motion tracking.• Sometimes the determination of whether the player is “in” or “out” is determined by his leg position while the player is striking the ball. To accurately determine this, images from different cameras set up at different angles need to be analyzed to identify the accurate position of the player’s leg. This process is called image reconstruction, where an object is compiled from different tomographic projects of the same object in different angles.ChAPter 1  ArtifiCiAl intelligenCe And ComPuter Vision
19In Chapters 4, 5, and 6, we will cover all the processes listed here in detail with hands-on examples. In the next section, let’s look at what makes computer vision a difficult and complex syst
